Update 2023-02-21-23.0.0.2-beta.adoc (#2955)
OpenLiberty/blogs: posts/2023-02-21-23.0.0.2-beta.adoc

[source, xml]
----
    <feature>adminCenter-1.0</feature>
    <feature>restConnector-2.0</feature>
    <feature>mpOpenApi-3.0</feature>
----

> Although this example uses the `mpOpenApi-3.0`, you can use any MicroProfile OpenAPI version that is compatible with your other features..

Author: ```suggestion
Although this example uses the `mpOpenApi-3.0` feature, you can use any MicroProfile OpenAPI version that is compatible with your other features.
```

> Although this example uses the `mpOpenApi-3.0` and `appSecurity-4.0` features, you can use any version of the MicroProfile OpenAPI and Application Security (Jakarta Security) features.

Author: ```suggestion
Although this example uses the `mpOpenApi-3.0` and `appSecurity-4.0` features, you can use any valid version combination of the MicroProfile OpenAPI and Application Security (Jakarta Security) features.

```

[source, xml]
----
    <feature>adminCenter-1.0</feature>

>     <feature>appSecurity-4.0</feature>

Author: ```suggestion
```

    <feature>mpOpenApi-3.0</feature>
----

Although this example uses the `mpOpenApi-3.0`, you can use any MicroProfile OpenAPI version that is compatible with your other features..

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

> Although this example uses the `mpOpenApi-3.0` and `appSecurity-4.0` features, you can use any valid version combination of the MicroProfile OpenAPI and Application Security (Jakarta Security) features.

Author: ```suggestion
Although this example uses the `mpOpenApi-3.0`, you can use any MicroProfile OpenAPI version that is compatible with your other features..

```

    <!-- Enable features -->
    <featureManager>
        <feature>adminCenter-1.0</feature>

>         <feature>appSecurity-4.0</feature>

Author: ```suggestion
```
